# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

This week has been a blast. There's always hesitancy when making a life change, but after this week I feel confident in the decision to attend Codeworks. There isn't a particular event that went well, overall it's been extremely rewarding. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

A surprise to me was Bootstrap. Between the first lab and the precourse work I was overwhelmed with how many CSS classes need to be applied to get a website to look and run properly, but after getting introduced to Bootstrap it makes designing feel much more accessible. 

- What are you struggling with?

I think overall I'm feeling fairly confident with what we've learned so far. If I was to be concerned about any topic that has been covered this week it would be Github. I understand the concepts of making a repository and uploaded the necessary files, but I know there is much more to the website that is a mystery to me. 

- What would you count as a victory?

This first checkpoint I'm counting as a victory. I was able to get the foundational aspects of the page during the lab on Friday and had Saturday and Sunday to fine-tune and experiment. I tried adding a dropdown menu to the mobile nav bar that I couldn't get to work, but overall there is a big difference between this checkpoint and my first lab page that was built on Tuesday. 